all right back again whoo yeah and a
party in some pictures here you go
everybody is completely wasted at this
party look at all the single go into
this room is nuts average age here most
people is about 19
another quick drinking video oh hey my
name is kid from Japan yeah and I'm a
famous singer no not famous now yeah but
soon next year next year next I'll make
my own video music video very popular
hostage this will be on YouTube yeah
yeah we'll be on YouTube my god but I
say nah no it'll be great that was
awesome i love it forget to me yeah okay
excellent look everybody's like hanging
out wow this is sad coo coo coo yeah but
off me right now like always I'll put up
a video here soon so